# Employee Tracker undefined  ## Table of Contents*[Description](#description)*[Installation](#installation)*[Instructions](#instructions)*[License](#lincense)*[Contribution](#contribution)*[Testing](#testing)*[GitHub](#github)## DescriptionEmployee tracker is a node application that uses MySQL to store, view, and add employees, roles and departments for your business. This application makes it very simple to manage your ever growing list of employee's and to keep organized.## InstallationIn order to install this application, navigate to the github repo that it is stored. github.com/baumerr/employee-tracker. Downloaded the ZIP file, extract it to the folder you wish for it to live. Open up your terminal and navigate to the folder that the application is stored and use the command 'npm start'. Once you start the application starts you will be able to populate the database.## InstructionsThis is for any business that manages employees. Think of it like an excel spreadsheet that you dont have to organize yourself. Once you start the application the program will ask you questions, and based on those questions will populate and orgazine the database itself.## License  Mozilla Public License 2.0.  Link: https://spdx.org/licenses/MPL-2.0.html  ## ContributionIf anybody would like to contribute to this project just add features that you would like and don't be scared to clean up my code. Someone's gotta do it.## TestingThis application can be tested by running it, and going through each question it asks of you.## GitHubhttps://github.com/baumerr